   Table of Contents
Non-GAAP adjustment
or measure Definition Usefulness to management and investors
Patent settlement A portion of the charge from our IP settlements represents a catch-up of We exclude the catch-up charge related to prior periods for purposes of
 cumulative amortization that would have been incurred for the right to use calculating certain non-GAAP measures because this adjustment
 the related patents in prior periods. This charge related to prior periods is facilitates comparison to past operating results and provides a useful
 excluded from our non-GAAP results; amortization related to the right to evaluation of our current operating performance.
 use the patents in the current and ongoing periods is included.
Optane inventory A charge in 2022 as we initiated the wind-down of our Intel Optane We exclude these impairments for purposes of calculating certain non-
impairment memory business. GAAP measures because these charges do not reflect our current
  operating performance. This adjustment facilitates a useful evaluation of
  our current operating performance and comparisons to past operating
  results.
Restructuring and other Restructuring charges are costs associated with a formal restructuring We exclude restructuring and other charges, including any adjustments to
charges plan and are primarily related to employee severance and benefit charges recorded in prior periods, for purposes of calculating certain non-
 arrangements. Other charges may include periodic goodwill and asset GAAP measures because these costs do not reflect our core operating
 impairments, certain pension charges, and costs associated with performance. These adjustments facilitate a useful evaluation of our core
 restructuring activity. 2023 includes a benefit as a result of developments operating performance and comparisons to past operating results and
 in the VLSI litigation in Q4 2023, an EC-imposed fine, and a fee related to provide investors with additional means to evaluate expense trends.
 the termination of our agreement to acquire Tower. 2022 includes a benefit
 related to the annulled EC fine and 2021 includes a charge related to the
 VLSI litigation.
(Gains) losses on equity (Gains) losses on equity investments, net consists of ongoing mark-to- We exclude these non-operating gains and losses for purposes of
investments, net market adjustments on marketable equity securities, observable price calculating certain non-GAAP measures because it provides better
 adjustments on non-marketable equity securities, related impairment comparability between periods. The exclusion reflects how management
 charges, and the sale of equity investments and other. evaluates the core operations of the business.
(Gains) losses from (Gains) losses are recognized at the close of a divestiture, or over a We exclude gains or losses resulting from divestitures for purposes of
divestiture specified deferral period when deferred consideration is received at the calculating certain non-GAAP measures because they do not reflect our
 time of closing. Based on our ongoing obligation under the NAND wafer current operating performance. These adjustments facilitate a useful
 manufacturing and sale agreement entered into in connection with the first evaluation of our current operating performance and comparisons to past
 closing of the sale of our NAND memory business on December 29, 2021, operating results.
 a portion of the initial closing consideration was deferred and will be
 recognized between first and second closing.
Adjusted free cash flow We reference a non-GAAP financial measure of adjusted free cash flow, This non-GAAP financial measure is helpful in understanding our capital
 which is used by management when assessing our sources of liquidity, requirements and sources of liquidity by providing an additional means to
 capital resources, and quality of earnings. Adjusted free cash flow is evaluate the cash flow trends of our business. Since the 2017 divestiture,
 operating cash flow adjusted for (1) additions to property, plant, and McAfee equity distributions and sales contributed to prior operating and
 equipment, net of proceeds from capital-related government incentives free cash flow, and while the McAfee equity sale in Q1 2022 would have
 and partner contributions, (2) payments on finance leases, and (3) typically been excluded from adjusted free cash flow as an equity sale, we
 proceeds from the McAfee equity sale in 2022. believe including the sale proceeds in adjusted free cash flow facilitate a
  better, more consistent comparison to current and past presentations of
  liquidity.
Total cash and Total cash and investments is used by management when assessing our This non-GAAP measure is helpful in understanding our capital resources
investments sources of liquidity, which include cash and cash equivalents, short-term and liquidity position.
 investments, and loans receivable and other.
MD&A 46