Financial Capital
We take a disciplined approach to our financial capital allocation strategy, which continues to focus on building stakeholder value and is driven by our priority to invest in the
business. We also seek to optimize our portfolio, look for innovative ways to unlock value across our assets, and, from time-to-time, engage in mergers and acquisitions.
Cash from Operating Activities $B
■ Cash from Operating Activities
■ Adjusted Free Cash Flow
Our Financial Capital Allocation Strategy
Invest in the Business
Our first allocation priority is to invest in R&D and capital spending to capitalize on the opportunity presented by the world's demand for semiconductors. In 2024, we continued
our focus on capital investment and the deployment of our Smart Capital strategy.
Return Excess Cash to Stockholders
Our capital allocation strategy historically included returning excess cash to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Our most recent stock repurchase was in the
first quarter of 2021 and we suspended the declaration of quarterly dividends starting with the fourth quarter of 2024. We agreed under our commercial CHIPS Act agreement to
forgo paying dividends for the next two years, and agreed to limitations on the payment of dividends for the three years thereafter. Further, we do not expect to pay dividends or
make stock repurchases until our cash flows improve as we focus on the critical investments needed to execute our business strategy and create long-term value.
R&D and Capital Investments $B
Cash to Stockholders $B
    
    
■ R&D
■ Logic
■ Memory
■ Repurchases
■ Dividend
Optimize our Portfolio and Unlock Value
We seek to drive value creation through transactions such as the 2022 IPO and 2023 secondary offering of Mobileye stock, the 2023 minority stake sales in IMS, and the 2023
announcement of our intent to operate Altera as a standalone business, which we expect to enable potential private and public equity investments. Transactions like these
provide additional capital to support the critical investments needed to advance our business strategy.
Our capital allocation strategy also includes opportunistic investment in and acquisition of companies that complement our strategic objectives. We look for acquisitions that
supplement and strengthen our capital and R&D investments.
Lastly, we take action when investments do not strategically align to our key priorities or provide adequate returns to our stakeholders. In the last few years, we exited numerous
businesses, including our NAND Memory business (first closing in 2021 and second closing expected in March 2025) and our Intel  Optane™ memory business (2022).
See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A.
2021-2024 capital investments in Memory are not presented due to the divestiture of the NAND memory business which we deconsolidated upon closing the first phase of the transaction on
December 29, 2021. 2020 capital investments presented include Memory.
1
2
®
1 
2 
 
Our Capital
6
