Our Capital
We deploy various forms of capital to execute our strategy in a way that seeks to reflect our corporate values, help our customers succeed, and create value for our stakeholders.
Capital Strategy Value
Financial
  We strategically invest financial capital to continue to build our business and
Leverage financial capital to invest in ourselves and optimize our portfolio,
  create long-term value for our stockholders.
both to drive our strategy and long-term value creation.
Intellectual
  We develop IP to enable next-generation products, create synergies across
Invest significantly in R&D and IP to enable us to deliver
  our businesses, expand into new markets, and establish and support our
on our accelerated process technology roadmap and introduce leading x86
  brands.
and xPU products.
Manufacturing
  Our geographically balanced manufacturing scope and scale enable us to
Build manufacturing capacity efficiently to
  provide our customers with a broad range of leading-edge products and
meet the growing long-term global demand for semiconductors.
  foundry capabilities.
Human
Build a diverse, inclusive, and safe work environment to attract, develop, andOur talented employees enable the development of solutions and enhance
retain top talent needed to build transformative products. the intellectual and manufacturing capital critical to helping our customers.
Social and Relationship
Build trusted relationships for both Intel and our stakeholders, including We collaborate to empower communities through education and technology
employees, suppliers, customers, local communities, and governments. and advance accountability and capabilities across our global supply chain.
Natural
  We seek to mitigate climate and water impacts, achieve efficiencies, lower
Strive to reduce our environmental footprint through efficient and responsible
  costs, and position ourselves to respond to the expectations of our
use of natural resources and materials used to create our products.
  stakeholders.
Our Capital 5