Table of Contents
Semiconductor Co-Investment Program
Ireland SCIP
In the second quarter of 2024, we closed a transaction with Apollo Global Management, Inc. (Apollo) involving the sale of 49% of our interest in an Irish limited liability company
(Ireland SCIP) for net proceeds of $11.0 billion, which increased our capital in excess of par value. Ireland SCIP is a VIE that we consolidate into our Consolidated Financial
Statements because we are the primary beneficiary. Generally, distributions will be received from Ireland SCIP based on both parties' proportional ownership. Ireland SCIP has
the rights to operate Fab 34 in Leixlip, Ireland, and has the rights to the related factory output. We have the right to purchase 100% of the related factory output from Ireland
SCIP. We will retain sole ownership of Fab 34, will be engaged as the Fab 34 operator in exchange for variable payments from Ireland SCIP based on the related factory output,
and will be required to maintain certain performance standards in our capacity as operator.
We are required to substantially complete construction of Fab 34 in accordance with contractual parameters and timelines or we will be required to pay delay-related liquidated
damages to Apollo beginning in 2026, not to exceed $1.1 billion in total. As of December 28, 2024, we expect certain construction milestones for Fab 34 will be delayed as we
refined our near-term production capacity requirements and related capital outlays relative to those that are required per the Ireland SCIP agreement. As a result, in 2024 we
recognized a loss of $755 million within Interest and other, net from the change in fair value of the liquidated damage provisions, which qualify as a non-designated derivative.
Refer to "Note 16: Derivative Financial Instruments" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Though we expect certain construction delays
in the near term, we intend to complete construction of Fab 34. We will be required to purchase minimum quantities of the related factory output from Ireland SCIP, or we will be
subject to pay certain volume-related damages to Ireland SCIP, beginning at the earlier of when construction is complete or Q3 2027.
As of December 28, 2024, other than cash and cash equivalents held by Ireland SCIP, substantially all of the remaining assets and liabilities of Ireland SCIP were eliminated in
our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Arizona SCIP
We consolidate the results of an Arizona limited liability company (Arizona SCIP), a VIE, into our Consolidated Financial Statements because we are the primary beneficiary.
Generally, contributions will be made to, and distributions will be received from Arizona SCIP based on Intel's and Brookfield Asset Management's (Brookfield's) proportional
ownership. We will be the sole operator and main beneficiary of two new chip factories that will be constructed by Arizona SCIP, and we will have the right to purchase 100% of
the related factory output. Once production commences, we will be required to both operate Arizona SCIP at minimum production levels (measured in wafer starts per week) and
limit excess inventory held on site or we will be subject to certain damages.
We have an unrecognized commitment to fund our respective share of the total construction costs of Arizona SCIP. The total construction costs were estimated at $29.0 billion
when we entered into the definitive agreement with Brookfield in 2022.
As of December 28, 2024, substantially all of the assets of Arizona SCIP consisted of property, plant, and equipment. The remaining assets and liabilities of Arizona SCIP were
eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The assets held by Arizona SCIP, which can be used only to settle obligations of the VIE and are not available to us, were
$11.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($4.8 billion as of December 30, 2023).
Mobileye
In 2022, Mobileye completed its IPO and certain other equity financing transactions. During 2023, we converted 38.5 million of our Mobileye Class B shares into Class A shares,
representing 5% of Mobileye's outstanding capital stock, and subsequently sold the Class A shares for $42 per share as part of a secondary offering, receiving net proceeds of
$1.6 billion and increasing our capital in excess of par value by $663 million, net of tax. We continue to consolidate the results of Mobileye into our Consolidated Financial
Statements. In the third quarter of 2024, the non-cash impairment of goodwill related to our Mobileye reporting unit was attributed to Intel and to non-controlling interest holders
based on our proportional ownership (see "Note 11: Goodwill" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
IMS Nanofabrication
In 2023, we closed agreements to sell a combined 32% minority stake in our IMS business, a business within our Intel Foundry operating segment—including a 20% stake to
Bain Capital Special Situations and a 10% stake to TSMC. Net proceeds resulting from the minority stake sales totaled $1.4 billion, and our capital in excess of par value
increased by $958 million, net of tax. We continue to consolidate the results of IMS into our Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
Financial Statements
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
73
