Fundamentals of Our Business
We are a global designer and manufacturer of semiconductor products. The CPUs and other semiconductor solutions that we design, manufacture, market, and sell are
incorporated in computing and related end products and services, and utilized globally by consumers, enterprises, governments, and educational organizations. Customers of
our semiconductor products primarily include OEMs, ODMs, cloud service providers, and other manufacturers and service providers, such as industrial and communication
equipment manufacturers and other cloud service providers who buy our products through distributor, reseller, retail, and OEM channels throughout the world. We market and
sell our semiconductor products directly through our global sales and marketing organizations and indirectly through channel partners. We also develop semiconductor
fabrication process and packaging technologies and manufacture many of our semiconductor product offerings at our geographically diverse network of fabrication and assembly
and test facilities. We are also seeking to expand as a third-party foundry for external customers.
Our Strategy
Technology permeates every aspect of our lives and is increasingly central to every aspect of human existence. As we look ahead to the next decade, we expect to see
continued demand for processing power. Semiconductors are the underlying technology powering this digital expansion, and we are strategically positioning ourselves to create
a resilient global semiconductor supply chain by investing in geographically balanced manufacturing capacity. The demand for compute is being accelerated by five superpowers:
ubiquitous compute, pervasive connectivity, cloud-to-edge infrastructure, AI, and sensing. Together, these superpowers combine to amplify and reinforce each other, and
increase the world's need for computing by packing even more processing capability onto ever-smaller microchips. We harness these superpowers for our customers' growth and
our own.
We are uniquely positioned with the depth and breadth of our silicon, platforms, software, and packaging and process technology with at-scale manufacturing. With these
strengths and the tailwinds of the superpowers driving digital disruption, our strategy to win is focused on four key themes: product competitiveness, open platforms,
manufacturing at scale, and our people.
Our Priorities
Product Competitiveness
Lead and democratize compute with Intel x86 and xPU. Our product offerings provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from data center to network, PCs, edge computing, and the
emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving, to serve an increasingly smart and connected world.
At our core is the x86 ecosystem, which has served as a foundation of modern computing for over four decades. We continue to advance this ecosystem with x86
microarchitectures focused on performance and efficiency. In 2024, we announced the creation of an advisory group to expand the x86 ecosystem by enabling compatibility
across platforms, simplifying software development, and providing developers with a platform to identify architectural needs and features to create innovative and scalable
solutions for the future.
Beyond the CPU, we deliver a family of xPU products encompassing client and data center GPUs, IPUs, FPGAs, and other accelerators. The xPU approach recognizes that
different workloads benefit from different computing architectures, and our broad portfolio helps meet our customers' increasingly diverse computing needs. As part of our
strategy, we seek to develop and offer leading products across each of these architectural categories.
We also seek to address every phase of the AI continuum, from the largest, most challenging GenAI and large language models to emerging usages like AI PCs and AI at the
edge. We believe AI represents a generational shift in computing by expanding human abilities and solving the most challenging problems. We are in the early stages of realizing
AI's full potential. Our strategy is to bring AI to where the data is being generated and used. We believe we have a full spectrum of hardware and software platforms that offer the
open and modular solutions for competitive total cost of ownership and time to value that customers need to win in this era of exponential growth and AI everywhere. We are
infusing AI into Intel technologies, supporting today's GenAI workloads, fueling emerging usages like AI PC and AI at the edge, and pioneering innovations that we believe will
help advance the future of AI in the next decade.
Our product offerings are predominantly manufactured in our own manufacturing facilities using our proprietary process technologies. In recent years, however, we have
strategically utilized third-party foundry manufacturing capacity where advantageous for cost, performance, schedule, or other reasons. This provides increased flexibility and
scale, including in recent years the ability to continue to offer various products at the most performant end of the product spectrum where we did not yet have comparable
process technologies in-house.
Open Platforms
We aim to deliver open software and hardware platforms with industry-defining standards. Around the globe, companies are building their networks, systems, and solutions on
open standards-based platforms. We have helped set the stage for this movement, with our historic contributions in developing standards such as CXL, Thunderbolt™, and PCI
Express. We also contributed to the design, build, and validation of open-source products in the industry such as Linux, Android, and others.
Our Strategy 3