Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We believe we have sufficient sources of funding to meet our business requirements for the next 12 months and in the longer term. Cash generated by operations, and total cash
and short-term investments as shown in the table below, are our primary sources of liquidity for funding our strategic business requirements. These sources are further
supplemented by our committed credit facilities and other borrowing capacity and certain other Smart Capital initiatives that we have undertaken, including our Ireland SCIP
transaction that closed in the second quarter of 2024 that resulted in $11.0 billion of net cash inflows to us (see "Note 4: Non-Controlling Interests" within Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). Our short-term funding requirements include capital expenditures for worldwide manufacturing and assembly and test, including investments in our
process technology roadmap; investments in our product roadmap; working capital requirements, including cash outlays associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan; partner
distributions to our non-controlling interest holders; and strategic investments. We expect reductions in operating expenditures, capital expenditures, and cost of sales after
implementing our 2024 Restructuring Plan and related cost-reduction measures, including reductions in headcount, which are designed to enable further operational efficiency
and agility and create capacity for sustained investment in technology and manufacturing competitiveness. Our long-term funding requirements incrementally contemplate
investments in significant manufacturing expansion plans and investments to accelerate our process technology. These plans include expanding existing operations in Arizona,
New Mexico, and Oregon, and investing in a new leading-edge manufacturing facility in Ohio. They may also include longer-term projects, certain of which we have currently put
on hold or slowed the completion of, including a new leading-edge manufacturing facility, a new assembly and test facility, and a new advanced packaging facility, among others.
We entered into government incentive arrangements with the US federal government pursuant to the CHIPS Act. In September 2024, we were awarded up to $3.0 billion in direct
funding for the Secure Enclave program to expand the trusted manufacturing of leading-edge semiconductors for the US government. In November 2024, we signed a Direct
Funding Agreement with the US Department of Commerce for the award of $7.9 billion in government incentives pursuant to the CHIPS Act, and we received $1.1 billion of cash
in 2024 and have received an additional $1.1 billion of cash in 2025. We expect to continue to benefit from government incentives, though recent US government actions create
uncertainty as to the receipt of awards under our existing CHIPS Act agreements and the potential for future awards in the US. These incentives typically require that we make
significant capital investments in new facilities or expand existing facilities and our related workforce. To the extent we delay or cancel any such projects or otherwise are unable
or fail to comply with the terms of the agreements, there may be a delay in our receipt of, or we may forfeit or be required to repay, the associated government incentives.
We expect to adjust the cadence of our investments based on the execution of our roadmap and changing business conditions. As of December 28, 2024, we had commitments
for capital expenditures of $14.0 billion for 2025 and had $6.0 billion in capital expenditures committed in the long term. As of December 28, 2024, other purchase obligations and
commitments in 2025 under our binding commitments for purchases of goods and services were $2.1 billion, with an additional $4.9 billion committed in the long term.
We have additional obligations as part of our ordinary course of business, beyond those committed for capital expenditures and other purchase obligations and commitments for
purchases of goods and services. For example, see: "Note 4: Non-Controlling Interests" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our SCIP
arrangements and variable distribution payments that we expect to make to our co-investment partners, including liquidated damage provisions should we fail to meet certain
construction milestones or operational metrics; "Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our lease
obligations, which include supply agreements structured as leases; "Note 8: Income Taxes" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our tax
obligations, including impacts from Tax Reform enacted in 2017 for the one-time transition tax on previously untaxed foreign earnings; and "Note 13: Borrowings" within Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our debt obligations. The expected timing of payments of our obligations is estimated based on current information.
Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
In addition, some of our purchasing requirements are not current obligations and are therefore not included in the amounts above. For example, some of these requirements are
not handled through binding contracts or are fulfilled by vendors on a purchase order basis within short time horizons.
When assessing our current sources of liquidity, we include our total cash and short-term investments as follows:
(In Millions)
Dec 28, 2024
Dec 30, 2023
Cash and cash equivalents
$
8,249 
$
7,079 
Short-term investments
13,813 
17,955 
Total cash and short-term investments
$
22,062 
$
25,034 
Total debt
$
50,011 
$
49,266 
We suspended the declaration of quarterly dividends starting with Q4 2024. We are prohibited under our commercial CHIPS Act agreement from paying dividends for the next
two years and are subject to limitations on the payment of dividends for the three years thereafter. Further, we do not expect to pay dividends until our cash flows improve as we
focus on the critical investments needed to execute our business strategy and create long-term value.
MD&A
28
