delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; (b) the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by fax,
emailed .pdf, or any other electronic delivery means approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) that contains a DocuSign signature or, in
the case of the Department’s signature, a digital signature associated with a Personal Identity Verification card, or any other electronic signature means
approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; and
(c) if agreed by the Department in writing (which may be via email) with respect to this Agreement, the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
of this Agreement by electronic means that types in the signatory to a document as a “conformed signature” from an email address approved by the Department
in writing (which may be via email) shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing,
the words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement
and the performance of the Recipient's obligations under this Agreement shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof, or the
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 10.20.    Benefits of Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Financing Document, express or implied, shall give to any
Person, other than the parties hereto and thereto and their successors and permitted assigns hereunder or thereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable
right or remedy under this Agreement or any other Financing Document.
Section 10.21.    Termination; Survival.
(a)    All representations and warranties made by the Recipient in any Financing Document or other documents delivered in connection
therewith shall be considered to have been relied upon the Department and shall survive the Termination Date.
(b)    The provisions of (a) Section 3.3 (Payment of Costs and Expenses), Section 3.4 (Net of Tax), Section 9.1.1(c) (Expansion
Clawback), Section 10.8 (Governing Law), Section 10.11 (Waiver of Jury Trial), Section 10.12 (Consent to Jurisdiction), Section 10.13 (Dispute
Resolution), Section 10.15 (Reinstatement), Section 10.18 (Indemnification) and Section 10.22 (DOC Confidentiality); and (b) the Guardrail Provisions
(excluding Section 2 (Prohibition on Certain Joint Research or Technology Licensing) and Section 7(d) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) thereof)
and all other provisions hereof and definitions set forth in this Agreement required to give effect thereto, including, inter alia, Section 10.5 (Waiver and
Amendment), shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the performance of the obligations contemplated hereby, the payment in full of the
Department Obligations, the expiration or termination of any Award, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof on the Termination Date.
Section 10.22.    DOC Confidentiality. Documents and information provided to the Department by the Recipient or any Recipient Party in
connection with the Financing Documents, including but not limited to Applications, due diligence, and any documents and information provided during the
Period of Performance or thereafter will be treated as confidential by the Department consistent with Applicable Law, including but not limited to the
requirements of the CHIPS Act (15 U.SC. § 4652(a)(6)(G)) and the Trade Secrets Act (18 U.S.C. § 1905).
[Signature Pages Follow]
45