Intellectual Capital
Research and Development
R&D investment is critical to enable us to deliver on our technology roadmap, introduce leading products, and develop new businesses and capabilities in the future. We seek to
protect our R&D efforts through our IP rights and may augment R&D initiatives by, from time-to-time, acquiring or investing in companies, entering into R&D agreements, and
directly purchasing or licensing technology.
Areas Key to Product Competitiveness
We have intensified our focus and investment on areas key to product competitiveness. Our objective with each new generation of products is to improve user experiences and
value through advances in performance, power, cost, connectivity, security, form factor, and other features. We also focus on reducing our design complexity, re-using IP, and
increasing ecosystem collaboration to improve our efficiency.
xPU. We believe the future is with xPU across a diverse mix of scalar, vector, matrix, and spatial architectures deployed in CPU, GPU, NPU, IPU, accelerators, and FPGA
sockets, enabled by a scalable software stack and integrated into systems by advanced packaging technology. We are building processors that span several major computing
architectures, moving toward an era of heterogeneous computing:
▪
Client CPUs. In 2024, we ramped sales of the Intel  Core™ Ultra Series 1, our first product with an integrated neural processing unit for efficient processing of AI
workload. The Intel Core Ultra Series 1, manufactured on the Intel 4 process, introduced the first AI PCs to the market. We also launched the Intel Core Ultra 200V
Series, showcasing power efficiency and long-lasting battery life. The 200V Series, manufactured by an external foundry, leverages our Xe2 GPU architecture, bringing
improved efficiency, second-generation ray tracing units and XMX AI acceleration to thin and light notebooks. During 2024, a significant majority of our client sales
consisted of our 13th and 14th Gen Intel Core processors, manufactured on Intel 7, which allow us to serve the breadth of customer and computing needs in the client
market.
▪
Data center CPUs. We launched our Intel  Xeon  6 processors for the data center, utilizing the Intel 3 process, including our first Intel Xeon processor using Efficient
cores (E-cores). The Intel Xeon 6 family is designed to address the growing diversity in workloads and deployments in the data center environments. Our 5th Gen Intel
Xeon Scalable processors, based on Intel 7, were launched in 2023, and continued to ramp throughout 2024.
▪
Discrete client GPUs. The Intel  Arc™ graphics family offers modern GPU features to power immersive games, creator applications, and AI workloads. In 2024, we
launched the Intel Arc B-Series based on the latest Xe2 GPU architecture. The compute engine of the Intel Arc B-Series is our second-generation X -core, which
delivers 70% more performance per core and is 50% more power efficient than the Intel Arc A750.
▪
Edge computing. We recently launched a suite of processors for edge computing. This includes the Intel Core Ultra 200S Series, bringing the NPU IP to desktops and
reducing package power. These hybrid designs utilize our most advanced performance cores and power-efficient cores, as well as the latest packaging technology.
▪
Datacenter AI accelerators and GPUs. In 2024, we launched the Intel  Gaudi  3 AI accelerators offering significant price-performance advantages for AI inference
applications.
Software. Software unleashes the potential of our hardware platforms across all workloads, domains, and architectures.
We aim to optimize AI frameworks and middleware, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, vLLM, Hugging Face and WebNN to run efficiently on our hardware. Our OpenVINO™ toolkit
is an open source toolkit that accelerates deep learning inference on our processors across various use cases, such as generative AI, computer vision, audio, and language with
industry standard models. It is used in domains from edge to AI PC to cloud and is the leading inferencing library on our silicon.
In 2024 we launched the Open Platform for Enterprise AI under the Linux Foundation to accelerate deployment of generative AI use cases through industry standard modular
microservice architecture. Since launch, the ecosystem has been actively engaged, with an expanding network of partners enhancing features and developing new capabilities.
Most of these frameworks and middleware are built from our oneAPI, which enables developers to create performant cross-architecture applications using a single code base
across CPUs, GPUs, and other accelerators. We contributed our oneAPI specifications and implementations to the UXL Foundation under the Linux Foundation. By doing so,
oneAPI delivers an open and multi-vendor programming model enabling choice and code re-use across the accelerator hardware ecosystem.
This software stack is designed to preserve the usability of existing tools and software while accommodating future developments, enabling continuity for users and developers.
Areas Key to Process and Packaging Competitiveness
Our leading-edge process and packaging technology continues to be key to the success of our strategy.
▪
Intel 7 process node continues in production for our 13th and 14th Gen Intel Core processors. Intel 7 was utilized for a significant majority of our processor production
and products in 2024, and is expected to continue to be utilized for a significant portion of our processor production and products in 2025.
®
®
®
®
e
®
®
 
Our Capital
7
