tenancy, joint venture, or co-ownership by, between, or among the Department and the Recipient or any other Person. The Department shall not be in any way
responsible or liable for the indebtedness, losses, obligations, or duties of the Recipient or any other Person with respect to any Project or otherwise. All
obligations to pay Real Property or other taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, and all other fees and expenses in connection with or arising from the
ownership, operation, or occupancy of any Project or any other assets and to perform all obligations under the agreements and contracts relating to any Project
or any other assets shall be the sole responsibility of the Recipient.
Section 10.17.    Marshaling. The Department shall not be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of the Recipient or any other
Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Department Obligations.
Section 10.18.    Indemnification.
ﬃ
(a)    The Recipient shall indemnify the Department and each of its ocers, employees, attorneys and agents (each an “Indemnied
Party”) from and against any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, judgments, lawsuits, costs and expenses (other than attorneys’ costs
and fees) (each an “Indemnied Liability”) for which an Indemnied Party may become responsible because of a claim asserted by a third party related to the
Award, the use of Disbursements, this Agreement, any Financing Document, or any Project; provided, that the Recipient shall not have an indemnication
obligation hereunder if the third party’s claim is based solely on the conduct of the Department (and no other Party) or arises from the bad faith, gross
negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnied Party (as determined pursuant to a final, Non-Appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction).
(b)    The Parties agree that the maximum cumulative amount of the Recipient’s indemnity obligation under this Section 10.18 and the
corresponding indemnication provision in the Loan Guarantee Agreement is $2,000,000,000.
(c)    An Indemnied Party shall give timely notice to Recipient of any action for which indemnication hereunder may be sought;
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not release the Recipient from any of its indemnification obligations hereunder.
(d)    The Recipient agrees that the Department has sole authority regarding the conduct of litigation brought against an Indemnied
Party and Recipient agrees that the decisions of the Department regarding the litigation, trial or settlement do not relieve Recipient of its indemnication
obligations hereunder. The Department agrees that it will advise Recipient regarding the conduct of litigation and that Recipient shall be given the opportunity at
its own expense to advise the Department of its views regarding such litigation, including any settlement related thereto. The Department agrees that it will not
ﬃ
compromise or settle any Indemnied Liability, until it has advised the Recipient, as provided above, and has been authorized by the government ocial with
ﬀ
authority to approve settlements pursuant to applicable rules. No provision herein shall restrict, modify or otherwise aect the authority of the United States to
settle or compromise any claim according to Applicable Law.
(e)    All sums paid and costs incurred by any Indemnied Party with respect to any matter indemnied hereunder shall be immediately
due and payable by the Recipient.
Section 10.19.    Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when
executed by all of the Parties shall constitute a single binding agreement. The delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic means,
including by facsimile or by portable document format (PDF) attachment to email, shall be as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this
Agreement. Except to the extent Applicable Law would prohibit the same, make the same unenforceable, or affirmatively requires a manually executed
counterpart signature: (a) the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by fax, emailed .pdf, or any other electronic means
approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be as effective as the
44