We deliver open-source code and optimizations that are designed for projects across numerous platforms and usage models. We are committed to co-engineering and jointly
designing, building, and validating new products with software industry leaders to accelerate mutual technology advancements and help software and hardware work better
together.
Manufacturing at Scale
We manufacture a majority of our products in our own manufacturing facilities using our proprietary process technologies. This enables us to optimize performance, shorten time-
to-market for new product introductions, and more quickly scale products in high volume.
Process technology. We continue to develop new generations of manufacturing process technology as we seek to realize the benefits from Moore’s Law, a law of economics
predicted by Intel’s cofounder Gordon Moore more than 50 years ago. Realizing Moore’s Law results in economic benefits as we are able to either reduce a chip's cost as we
shrink its size or increase functionality and performance of a chip while maintaining the same cost with higher density. This makes possible the innovation of new products with
higher performance while balancing power efficiency, cost, and size to meet customers' needs. As of the end of 2024, our core products were manufactured on 300mm wafers,
with a significant majority manufactured using our Intel 7 process node while we ramped our Intel 4 and Intel 3 process nodes into high volume.
Factory network. Our global factory network has been foundational to our success, enabling product optimization, improved economics, and supply resilience. We operate wafer
manufacturing facilities in the United States (Oregon and Arizona), Ireland, and Israel, assembly and testing facilities in Costa Rica, China, Malaysia, and Vietnam, and
packaging facilities in the United States (New Mexico), Costa Rica, Vietnam, and Malaysia. We intend to remain a leading developer of process technology and a major
manufacturer of semiconductors and we plan to continue to build the majority of our products in our factories.
Foundry services. The very high capital requirements of modern leading-edge semiconductor process technology development and manufacturing, especially those nodes
requiring EUV lithography such as Intel 4, Intel 3, Intel 18A and future nodes, require us to expand the use of our process technologies as they mature and grow the number of
wafers produced beyond the expected growth for our own products. To this end, we are seeking to build a world-class foundry business also serving external customers and
have made significant investments in ecosystem support to enable the usage of our manufacturing network by external customers. Our foundry offerings include four
components: wafer fabrication, packaging, chiplets, and software and services. We intend to build our customers' silicon designs and deliver full end-to-end customizable
products built with our advanced packaging technology. We plan to differentiate our foundry offerings from those of others through a combination of leading-edge packaging and
process technology, committed capacity in the US and Europe available for customers globally, and a world-class IP portfolio that will include x86 cores, as well as other
ecosystem IP.
Our People
Our world-class talent is at the heart of everything we do. Together we strive to have a positive effect on business, society, and the planet. Delivering on our strategy and growth
ambitions requires attracting, developing, and retaining top talent from across the world. Our people build our technology, unlock new business opportunities, and work with our
partners and customers to create global impact.
Fostering a culture of empowerment, inclusion, and accountability is also core to our strategy. We are committed to creating an inclusive workplace where the world’s best
engineers and technologists can fulfill their dreams and create technology that improves the life of every person on the planet.
Focus on Innovation and Execution
We are focused on executing our product and process roadmaps and our cadence of innovation. We have set a detailed process and packaging technology roadmap and
announced key architectural innovations to further our goal of delivering competitive products in every area in which we compete.
We leverage our Smart Capital approach to help us adjust quickly to opportunities in the market while managing our margin structure and capital spending. The key elements of
Smart Capital include:
▪ Smart capacity investments. We are building out future manufacturing shell space, which gives us flexibility in how and when we bring additional capacity online based
on milestone triggers such as product readiness, market conditions, and customer commitments.
▪ Government incentives. We work with governments to advance and benefit from incentives for domestic manufacturing capacity for leading-edge semiconductors.
▪ SCIP. We access strategically aligned private capital to increase our flexibility and help efficiently accelerate and scale manufacturing build-outs. Our SCIP program has
supported the period of accelerated manufacturing investment that commenced in early 2021. We signed our latest SCIP agreement in the second quarter of 2024 and
are not contemplating further transactions in the near term.
▪ Customer commitments. Our foundry business works closely with potential customers to obtain advance payments to secure capacity and participate in manufacturing
capacity build-outs. This provides us with the advantage of committed volume, derisking investments while providing capacity corridors for our foundry customers.
▪ External foundries. We intend to continue our use of external foundries where their capabilities or capacities support our Intel Products businesses offerings.
Our Strategy 4