Table of Contents
Recent events, including the pandemic-related global chip shortage, made clear how supply chain disruptions can severely impact everyday life. The steady rise of chipmaking
capacity in Asia has made the world vulnerable to continued and increasingly extreme shortages. We believe a secure, balanced, and resilient supply of semiconductors is
essential to the interests of the entire global economy. With one of the most geographically balanced supply chains across North America, Europe and Asia, we plan to partner
with the public sector to strengthen the resilience of the global semiconductor supply chain by investing in a more geographically balanced capacity. We believe our investments
will help develop a more resilient supply chain for generations to come and hedge against geopolitical instability.
Our People
Our world-class talent is at the heart of everything we do. Together we strive to have a positive effect on business, society, and the planet. Delivering on our strategy and growth
ambitions requires attracting, developing, and retaining top talent from across the world. Our people build our technology, unlock new business opportunities, and work with our
partners and customers to create global impact.
Fostering a culture of empowerment, inclusion, and accountability is also core to our strategy. We are committed to creating an inclusive workplace where the world’s best
engineers and technologists can fulfill their dreams and create technology that improves the life of every person on the planet.
Growth Imperative
We are investing to position the company for accelerated long-term growth, focusing on both our core businesses and our growth businesses. In our client and server
businesses, our strategy is to invest to strengthen the competitiveness of our product roadmap and to explore new opportunities. We believe we have significant opportunities to
grow and gain share in graphics; mobility, including autonomous driving; networking and edge; AI; software; and foundry services.
Focus on Innovation and Execution
We are focused on executing our product and process roadmap and accelerating our cadence of innovation. We have set a detailed process and packaging technology roadmap
and announced key architectural innovations to further our goal of delivering leadership products in every area in which we compete. We are returning our culture to its roots in
innovation and execution, drawing on principles established by our former CEO Andy Grove that emphasize discipline and accountability. This includes using OKRs throughout
the organization to drive a common purpose.
To help us execute toward our IDM 2.0 strategy, we are leveraging our Smart Capital approach. This approach is designed to enable us to adjust quickly to opportunities in the
market, while managing our margin structure and capital spending. The key elements of Smart Capital include:
▪ Smart capacity investments. We are aggressively building out manufacturing shell space, which gives us flexibility in how and when we bring additional capacity online
based on milestone triggers such as product readiness, market conditions, and customer commitments.
▪ Government incentives. We are continuing to work with governments in the US and Europe to advance and benefit from incentives for domestic manufacturing capacity
for leading-edge semiconductors.
▪ SCIP. We are accessing strategically aligned capital to increase our flexibility and help efficiently accelerate and scale manufacturing build-outs. This type of co-
investment also demonstrates how private capital is unlocked and becomes a force multiplier for government incentives for semiconductor manufacturing expansion.
▪ Customer commitments. IFS is working closely with potential customers to make advance payments to secure capacity. This provides us with the advantage of
committed volume, de-risking investments while providing capacity corridors for our foundry customers.
▪ External foundries. We intend to continue our use of external foundries where their unique capabilities support our leadership products.
Fundamentals of Our Business 9