   Table of Contents
Our Capital
We deploy various forms of capital to execute our strategy in a way that seeks to reflect our corporate values, help our customers succeed, and create value for our stakeholders.
Capital Strategy Value
Financial
Leverage financial capital to invest in ourselves and exit businesses to We strategically invest financial capital to continue to build our business,
optimize our portfolio, both to drive our strategy and long-term value create long-term value and provide returns to our stockholders.
creation.
Intellectual
  We develop IP to enable next-generation products, create synergies across
Invest significantly in R&D and IP to enable us to deliver
  our businesses, expand into new markets, and establish and support our
on our accelerated process technology roadmap, introduce leading x86 and
  brands.
xPU products, and develop new businesses and capabilities.
Manufacturing
Build manufacturing capacity efficiently to Our geographically balanced manufacturing scope and scale enable us to
meet the growing long-term global demand for semiconductors, aligned with provide our customers with a broad range of leading-edge products and
our IDM 2.0 strategy. foundry capabilities.
Human
  Our talented employees enable the development of solutions and enhance
Build a diverse, inclusive, and safe work environment to attract, develop, and
  the intellectual and manufacturing capital critical to helping our customers
retain top talent needed to build transformative products.
  win the technology inflections of the future.
Social and Relationship
  We collaborate with stakeholders on programs to empower underserved
Build trusted relationships for both Intel and our stakeholders, including communities through education and technology, and on initiatives to advance
employees, suppliers, customers, local communities, and governments. accountability and capabilities across our global supply chain, including
  accountability for the respect of human rights.
Natural
  With our proactive efforts, we seek to mitigate climate and water impacts,
Strive to reduce our environmental footprint through efficient and responsible
  achieve efficiencies, lower costs, and position ourselves to respond to the
use of natural resources and materials used to create our products.
  expectations of our stakeholders.
Comprehensive ESG and Corporate Responsibility Strategy: RISE
Our commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability leadership is deeply integrated throughout our business. We strive to create an inclusive and positive work
environment where every employee has a voice and a sense of belonging, and we are proactive in our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint through efficient and
responsible use of natural resources and materials.
We continue to raise the bar for ourselves and leverage our leadership position in the global technology ecosystem to make greater strides in corporate responsibility and apply
technology to address social and environmental challenges. Through our RISE strategy, we aim to create a more responsible, inclusive, and sustainable world, enabled by
our technology and the expertise and passion of our employees. Our corporate responsibility strategy is designed to increase the scale of our work through collaboration with our
stakeholders and other organizations; we know that we cannot achieve the broad social impact to which we aspire by acting alone. More information about our RISE goals,
including progress we have made toward achieving them, is included in our Corporate Responsibility Report1.
1 The contents of our Corporate Responsibility Report are referenced for general information only and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.
Fundamentals of Our Business Our Capital 10