Table of Contents
Our Strategy
Technology permeates every aspect of our lives and is increasingly central to every aspect of human existence. As we look ahead to the next decade, we expect to see
continued demand for processing power. Semiconductors are the underlying technology powering this digital expansion, and we are strategically positioning ourselves to create
a resilient global semiconductor supply chain by investing in geographically balanced manufacturing capacity. The demand for compute is being accelerated by five superpowers:
ubiquitous compute, pervasive connectivity, cloud-to-edge infrastructure, AI, and sensing. Together these superpowers combine to amplify and reinforce each other, and will
exponentially increase the world's need for computing by packing even more processing capability onto ever-smaller microchips. We intend to lead the industry by harnessing
these superpowers for our customers' growth and our own.
We are uniquely positioned with the depth and breadth of our silicon, platforms, and software, and packaging and process technology with at-scale manufacturing. With these
strengths and the tailwinds of the superpowers driving digital disruption, our strategy to win is focused on four key themes: product leadership, open platforms, manufacturing at
scale, and our people.
Our Priorities
Product Leadership
Lead and democratize compute with Intel x86 and xPU. Our product offerings provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from data center to network, PCs, edge computing, and the
emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving, to serve an increasingly smart and connected world.
At our core is the x86 computing ecosystem, which supports an extensive and deep universe of software applications, with billions of lines of code written and optimized for x86
CPUs. We continue to advance this ecosystem with x86 microarchitectures focused on performance, which push the limits of low latency and single-threaded application
performance, and microarchitectures focused on efficiency, which are designed for computing throughput efficiency to enable scalable multithreaded performance.
Beyond the CPU, we are delivering a growing family of xPU products, which encompass client and data center GPUs, IPUs, FPGAs, and other accelerators. The xPU approach
recognizes that different workloads benefit from different computing architectures, and our broad portfolio helps meet our customers' increasingly diverse computing needs. As
part of our strategy, we seek to develop and offer leading products across each of these architectural categories.
We also seek to address every phase of the AI continuum, including the largest, most challenging GenAI and large language models. We believe AI represents a generational
shift in computing by expanding human abilities and solving the most challenging problems. We are in the early stages of realizing AI's full potential and GenAI is just the
beginning. Our strategy is to bring AI to where the data is being generated and used and we believe we have a full spectrum of hardware and software platforms, offering open
and modular solutions, for competitive total cost of ownership and time to value that customers need to win in this era of exponential growth and AI everywhere. We are infusing
AI into Intel technologies, supporting today's GenAI workloads, fueling emerging usages like AI PC and AI at the edge, and pioneering innovations that we believe advance the
future of AI in the next decade. We believe our leadership in IP, process, packaging, security, software, services, manufacturing, and foundry services positions us to realize AI's
full potential to transform industries and solve the world's biggest challenges.
Fundamentals of Our Business 7