   Table of Contents
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with US GAAP, this document contains references to the non-GAAP financial measures below. We believe these non-
GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about our operating performance, enable comparison of financial trends and results between
periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating
our business and measuring our performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are used in our performance-based RSUs and our cash bonus plans.
Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on one or more of the following items, as well as the related income tax effects. Beginning in 2023, income tax
effects are calculated using a fixed long-term projected tax rate of 13% across all adjustments. We project this long-term non-GAAP tax rate on an annual basis using a five-year
non-GAAP financial projection that excludes the income tax effects of each adjustment. The projected non-GAAP tax rate also considers factors such as our tax structure, our tax
positions in various jurisdictions, and key legislation in significant jurisdictions where we operate. This long-term non-GAAP tax rate may be subject to change for a variety of
reasons, including the rapidly evolving global tax environment, significant changes in our geographic earnings mix, or changes to our strategy or business operations.
Management uses this non-GAAP tax rate in managing internal short- and long-term operating plans and in evaluating our performance; we believe this approach facilitates
comparison of our operating results and provides useful evaluation of our current operating performance. Prior-period non-GAAP financial measures have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect this updated approach.
Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with US GAAP, and the financial results
calculated in accordance with US GAAP and reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated.
Non-GAAP adjustment
or measure Definition Usefulness to management and investors
NAND memory business We completed the first closing of the divestiture of our NAND memory We exclude the impact of our NAND memory business in certain non-
 business to SK hynix on December 29, 2021 and fully deconsolidated our GAAP measures. While the second closing of the sale is still pending and
 ongoing interests in the NAND OpCo Business in Q1 2022. subject to closing conditions, we deconsolidated this business in Q1 2022
  and management does not view the historical results of the business as a
  part of our core operations. We believe these adjustments provide
  investors with a useful view, through the eyes of management, of our core
  business model and how management currently evaluates core
  operational performance. In making these adjustments, we have not made
  any changes to our methods for measuring and calculating revenue or
  other financial statement amounts.
Acquisition-related Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets consists of We exclude amortization charges for our acquisition-related intangible
adjustments amortization of intangible assets such as developed technology, brands, assets for purposes of calculating certain non-GAAP measures because
 and customer relationships acquired in connection with business these charges are inconsistent in size and are significantly impacted by
 combinations. Charges related to the amortization of these intangibles are the timing and valuation of our acquisitions. These adjustments facilitate a
 recorded within both cost of sales and MG&A in our US GAAP financial useful evaluation of our current operating performance and comparison to
 statements. Amortization charges are recorded over the estimated useful our past operating performance and provide investors with additional
 life of the related acquired intangible asset, and thus are generally means to evaluate cost and expense trends.
 recorded over multiple years.
Share-based Share-based compensation consists of charges related to our employee We exclude charges related to share-based compensation for purposes of
compensation equity incentive plans. calculating certain non-GAAP measures because we believe these
  adjustments provide better comparability to peer company results and
  because these charges are not viewed by management as part of our core
  operating performance. We believe these adjustments provide investors
  with a useful view, through the eyes of management, of our core business
  model, how management currently evaluates core operational
  performance, and additional means to evaluate expense trends, including
  in comparison to other peer companies.
MD&A 45