Table of Contents
Open Platforms
We aim to deliver open software and hardware platforms with industry-defining standards. Around the globe, companies are building their networks, systems, and solutions on
open standards-based platforms. Intel has helped set the stage for this movement, with our historic contributions in developing standards such as CXL, Thunderbolt™, and PCI
Express*. We also contributed to the design, build, and validation of open-source products in the industry such as Linux*, Android*, and others. The world's developers constantly
innovate and expand the capabilities of these open platforms while increasing their stability, reliability, and security. In addition, microservices have enabled the development of
flexible, loosely coupled services that are connected via application programming interfaces to create end-to-end processes. We use industry collaboration, co-engineering, and
open-source contributions to accelerate software innovation. Through our oneAPI initiative, developers use a unified language across CPUs, GPUs, and FPGAs that is designed
to reduce development time and to enhance productivity. We also deliver a steady stream of open-source code and optimizations that are designed for projects across virtually
every platform and usage model. We are committed to co-engineering and jointly designing, building, and validating new products with software industry leaders to accelerate
mutual technology advancements and help new software and hardware work better together. Our commitment extends to developers through our developer-first approach based
on openness, choice, and trust.
Ultimately, we believe our pivot to a software-defined, silicon-enhanced strategy will enable us to realize value at all layers of the compute stack. This should allow us to continue
to monetize foundational and ecosystem-enabling software through hardware sales, limited licensing, and customer-enabling service offerings. Additionally, we are expanding our
software portfolio by developing and monetizing software solutions, services, and platforms with SaaS, software subscriptions, and other business models. We are prioritizing
three portfolios of offerings for our SaaS and subscription-based software: AI, trust and security, and performance optimization. We are also scaling the availability of Intel
Developer Cloud, which is designed to enable developers to learn, prototype, test, and run their own AI workloads across multiple Intel hardware architectures to experience the
competitive performance of Intel platforms and develop their AI software from today’s hardware portfolio to next-generation architectures.
An open approach and deep engagement with the developer ecosystem are essential to lowering barriers to entry and unlocking AI innovations for developers and customers.
We are expediting an open AI software ecosystem that we believe is needed to break down proprietary walls. We offer customers, partners, and developers early access and a
rapid path to scale their AI solutions with the Intel Developer Cloud and integrated and scalable hardware and software systems and solutions.
We believe AI will only be truly accessible to all when its use is ethical and responsible. Partnering with industry leaders, we are working to deliver innovative ecosystem tools
and solutions intended to make AI safer and more secure, and help address privacy concerns as AI scales exponentially. We are building platforms and technologies for the
convergence of AI and security to help customers confidently secure diverse AI workloads across the data center, cloud, PC, and edge.
Manufacturing at Scale
IDM 2.0, the next evolution and expansion of our IDM model, is a differentiated strategy that combines three capabilities:
Internal factory network. Our global, internal factory network has been foundational to our success, enabling product optimization, improved economics, and supply resilience.
We intend to remain a leading developer of process technology and a major manufacturer of semiconductors and will continue to build the majority of our products in our
factories.
Strategic use of foundry capacity. We expect to expand our use of third-party foundry manufacturing capacity, which will provide us with increased flexibility and scale to optimize
our product roadmaps for cost, performance, schedule, and supply. Our use of foundry capacity will include manufacturing for a range of modular tiles on advanced process
technologies.
Open System Foundry. We are building a world-class foundry business to meet the growing long-term global demand for semiconductors. We plan to differentiate our foundry
offerings from those of others through a combination of leading-edge packaging and process technology, committed capacity in the US and Europe available for customers
globally, and a world-class IP portfolio that will include x86 cores, as well as other ecosystem IP. The current foundry model enabled explosion of ecosystem innovation at the
wafer level. We believe this established model has historically served the industry well, but a new mindset is needed in our new era of chipmaking. As innovation evolves, we see
the rack has collapsed into a system and the system has collapsed into an advanced package. We are building out an Open System Foundry that has four components: wafer
fabrication, packaging, chiplet standard, and software.
The Open System Foundry involves engaging with customers at multiple levels, from basic wafer manufacturing to helping define and implement their desired system
architectures. We intend to build our customers' silicon designs and deliver full end-to-end customizable products built with our advanced packaging technology.
We believe our IDM 2.0 strategy enables us to deliver leading process technology and products to meet growing long-term demand using internal and external capacity, while
leveraging our core strengths to provide foundry services to others and providing superior capacity, supply resilience, and an advantageous cost structure.
In the upcoming year, we plan to implement an internal foundry model, where our business units engage with our manufacturing group in an arm's-length fashion, similar to how
fabless semiconductor companies engage with external foundries. The model is integral to our IDM 2.0 operational and financial strategies and aims to fully leverage our
invested capital while serving a wide variety of chip customers worldwide.
®
Fundamentals of Our Business
8
