Table of Contents
Financial Capital
We take a disciplined approach to our financial capital allocation strategy, which continues to focus on building stakeholder value and is driven by our priority to invest in the
business and capacity and our capital needs. We also seek to pay competitive dividends, optimize our portfolio, look for innovative ways to unlock value across our assets, and,
from time-to-time, engage in mergers and acquisitions. As we invest in our IDM 2.0 strategy and implement our next phase of capacity expansions and the acceleration of our
process technology roadmap, our allocation priorities have shifted more heavily toward investing in the business and away from stock repurchases. In the long term, we will
continue to look for opportunities to further our strategy through acquisitions while remaining disciplined on capital allocation.
Cash from Operating Activities $B
■ Cash from Operating Activities
■ Adjusted Free Cash Flow
Our Financial Capital Allocation Strategy
Invest in the Business
Our first allocation priority is to invest in R&D and capital spending to capitalize on the opportunity presented by the world's demand for semiconductors. In 2023, we continued
our focus on capital investment and the deployment of our Smart Capital strategy.
Return Excess Cash to Stockholders
Our capital allocation strategy includes returning excess cash to stockholders. We achieve this through our dividend policy and, when permissible, stock repurchases. In 2023,
we declared a reduced quarterly dividend on our common stock. This dividend reduction reflects our deliberate approach to capital allocation, is expected to support the critical
investments needed to execute our business strategy, and is designed to position us to create long-term value. We expect future stock repurchases to continue to be curtailed
during this time of meaningful investment in capital.
R&D and Capital Investments $B
Cash to Stockholders $B
    
    
■ R&D
■ Logic
■ Memory
■ Repurchases
■ Dividend
Optimize our Portfolio and Unlock Value
Our capital allocation strategy also includes opportunistic investment in and acquisition of companies that complement our strategic objectives. We look for acquisitions that
supplement and strengthen our capital and R&D investments.
We also seek to drive value creation through transactions such as the 2022 Mobileye IPO, the 2023 minority stake sales in IMS, and the 2023 announcement of our intent to
operate PSG as a standalone business which we expect to enable potential private and public equity investments. Together, these transactions provide an additional source of
capital to support the critical investments needed to advance our business strategy.
Lastly, we take action when investments do not strategically align to our key priorities. In the last three years, we exited numerous businesses, including the NAND memory
business and Intel  Optane™ memory business.
See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A.
2021-2023 capital investments in Memory are not presented due to the divestiture of the NAND memory business announced in October 2020. 2019 and 2020 capital investments presented include
Memory.
1
2
®
1 
2 
 
Fundamentals of Our Business
Our Capital
11
